[Autogenerated] currently 22 contracts we have created contained static data.
This means that in order to be complied with,
a specific request and response must be made,
they exactly match the contract.
However, the reality is that lots of software applications generate random data,
and in turn, our contracts may need to support this,
too.
For example,
let's say we make a post request to a payments M point we may need
to provide a body that contains a yo yo i d.
A time on the Mount.
And in turn, a responsive to one is given thinking about this.
You ideas unique.
So if they're generated by consuming micro service each time we make a request,
they would change.
In fact,
are consuming micro service might send a different time value
each time it makes a request to the dynamic nature of
interactions like this needs to be considered when dealing with
consumer driven contract testing.
So how do we deal with this dynamic or run them data?
The first idea is to have a single static contract
for every single possible request.
This would work if there was a small, fine eight set of possible values,
but it could also end up being pretty time consuming and of
maintainable with something like a date,
though it wouldn't work at all because there's an
infinite amount of possible values.
Committing a dynamic part from the contract is also an option.
So if there was a day in the request body which changed each time,
it could simply be ignored.
The problem with this strategy is that if you
forget to send the date altogether, the contract would still be met.
Given this false positives about the request that we make,
what we actually want is for the contract to still require a day,
after all, but just not care about the specific value off it.
We could also try mocking the classes that generate run them data, for example.
We could create a fits clock, too.
Always return to the same time or your I d generator toe
always returns the same you your i.
D.
This is actually a reasonable approach on Doing so would not be a bad idea,
but one thing to consider is that by using marks,
there is a risk of false positives due to fake in
parts of the application codes, and we're also introducing an overhead,
saying them up and maintaining them.
So while store, these options are possible,
none of them quite to what we need,
which is for a contract to comply with random data but also expect out run
them data to be present instructions in a certain way.
Frank Fully Sprinklered contract does have in of a way of working
with random data on its three regular expressions.
Robbing.
Giving a normal definition will give won in a contest
of consumer driven contract testing.
Regular expressions are patterns,
which enable a single contract to be met by multiple
possible requests and responses.
In other words, we could have a regular expression pattern in our contract,
which requires a Valley Geo i D.
But doesn't care about the specific value off that you i d.
There's actually a geeky joke about this, which is You have a problem.
You try and solve with regular expressions, and then you have to problems.
This is actually treat to a certain degree with Java,
But spring cloud contract and groovy actually make
rejects a lot simpler to work with,
which will soon see in the following examples to
demonstrate what we can achieve Afraid.
Jax.
Let's look at an example.
Contract.
Here we expect a post request to slash Hello World with
the name quantity a new your I D on.
We expect a response of ______ one.
What we'd like is for a contract to expect a Jason we provided but a little
looser and allow for any name quantity or you i d values.
So starting with name, we can replace it with a regular expression,
which requires any Alfa character any number of times for quantity.
We can create a regular expression.
They expects any valid number I'm finally for the u I.
D.
We can create a wretch jacks they expects any year.
I d.
For those unfamiliar if rejects,
thes expressions can be a little challenging to understand.
Fortunately, we're working with the spring cloud contract.
DSL, which makes things easy for us, is possible.
So common expressions like this already provided for
us as pre defined expressions.
So most of the time we congest use these help him efforts without having to deal with Fred Jenks directly